hey everybody this is tak and I'm going
to show you a quick walkthrough on how
to get the popularity contest
achievement on fable 3 to get this
achievement you need to make 20
villagers in lv and your friend contrary
to belief of adding 20 xbox live players
to your friends list doing this will not
get you the chi minh and it's a big
waste of time so don't do it first off
you'll need to find somebody in the lbn
with a neutral relationship status bar
such as seen here and impress them
luckily for me i only had to do this
once but you may need to impress them
more than once in order for the
relationship quest to pop up there are
two types of relationship quests in
order to complete this achievement one
as a fetch and one's delivery great
they're pretty self-explanatory so
you'll just need to follow the gold
trail in order to get there or you made
fast travel and get there a little bit
quicker I've already done 19 out of the
20 relationship quests so I decided to
follow the gold trail in order to show
you this method I am fast forwarding it
to make it go a little bit faster for
you though I did most my relationship
quests at a bar stowmarket just because
the people usually sent you to mill
fields it's a quick and easy walk and
like I said earlier you can even fast
travel I paused here to let the gold
trail catch up with me because sometimes
throughout fable it'll fall behind so
you'll just need to pause and maybe take
a step back just let it catch up and
then continue following after it has
after you do a couple of these you'll
discover that there are only three dick
spots and nail fields and it's pretty
repetitive so you'll get to know where
you're going pretty quick since we're
doing a fetch request it's a dig spot
behind this house here you'll just need
to wait for your dog to catch up with
you and show you where to dig
after you take up the item you'll need
to return to the person who requested it
once again you can do that by following
the gold trail which I did I am going to
fast forward once again or of course you
may use fast travel although this
achievement is very easy it is very time
consuming but luckily you don't have to
do it all in one shot if you are new at
this game I might suggest you make stall
vendors your friends in order for them
to give you discounts if you've already
beat the game it's most likely you'll
already own the stall so you don't have
to worry about it luckily enough for me
the person I was doing the relationship
quest for is right here by the doors so
I just have to walk in and give her the
item you might notice that the
relationship status bar is still at
neutral but it'll change their friends
and my achievement unlocked so that's
how you do popularity contest
achievement on fable three if this
walkthrough helped you please give it a
thumbs up if you have any questions or
comments please leave a message below
and of course subscribe thanks for
watching